Update environment.md with correct supported K8s version (#796)
kubecost/docs: install-and-configure/install/environment.md

## Supported Kubernetes versions

* Users should be running Kubernetes 1.20+.
* Kubernetes 1.28 is officially supported as of v1.105.

> * Older versions than supported of Kubernetes may work, but may rely on individual configurations. Use at your own risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Versions outside of the stated compatibility range may work, depending on individual configurations, but are untested.
```

## Supported Kubernetes versions

> * Kubecost runs in any Kubernetes v1.8 (Aug 2017) or greater environment.

Reviewer: This statement is not true currently.

Author: Can you elaborate?

Reviewer 2: @chipzoller  Can you fill in the detail here? Would be great to get this updated.
